one of the most important and prestigious simulation areas
football has reached all desktop platforms
all except wii for now
how are we not talking about putting consensus that in 2008
as every year I cite prego and sensatez on several flights
both in terms of gameplay and traffic if content
in this video we will try to unveil the best and worst of the title of konami
after the last year exclusive for x forest 60
Among the multitude of game modes is the display to play a
Quickplay
league master in which you can make the hundred team line through everything
that the player the transfer
to feel the adrenaline of playing with your favorite team
the cup mode to play tournaments and the konami cup where you can put and
set up your own championship
in addition to all this all the pressure to of prego the bones of 2008 have a
way to play online against people from anywhere in the world
even the playstation 2 version that in some expressive modes
they have become more intuitively respected injuries
previous
so you have a perfect navigation so you do not get lost in the umf
Regarding the graphic quality, it will vary depending on the video game console in the
cave
between these with each other x 2 3 60 high graphics are shown
definition but they are basically those of precision two with better definition
the graphic quality did not improve too much respect revolution be pc
now it has been given more realism and details such as
activist is in real time and jerks on the shirt
also the appearance of the players the field and the climatic effects
could have been improved given the graphic power of the new
generation and present a better finish
p
the movement of football teams will vary depending on each version
in 13 seconds the players run much faster
and in x 2 3 66 that is three there is a feeling of slowness not to mention
the moments when there is some way down and they throw them in some
repetitions
But not everything is negative
the facial representation of the most famous players is amazing
looking very much like meat and bone
I made some players are traced to those of reality so are their
shots like the Vaseline subtle goleas among others that have evolved
about getting married
in terms of gameplay
has positively improved artificially smart players to
perfect myself by allowing a simple and applicable learning curve
in addition the artificial intelligence of the opponents and superior
and in spite of novelty the vision in which the rival learns moves for
it is not so easy to attack always the same
also possession of the ball
the music is very careful
comcast in this news I'll go pretty group
the sound effects of shoker prevention 2008 offer a setting
insuperable
applauded of the tsm stadium in the match
commentators Juan Carlos and Julio Maldonado allow an experience
round
the duel between 0 8 and 0 and 2008 censuses to start
in your hands is the way to go